1.50 billion
An online beggar
Pretend to be a big-tailed wolf with me 1.80 billion
You 2 billion mother you deliberately 2.50 billion
2.50 billion
You have too much money, are you burning?
Do you call it fake like that?
I want to prove myself that I can understand
But you use this way
It only makes me feel
You are a brainless pig
You are in my eyes
Still nothing
Little cute king of fortune
Money is numbers.
Well, this one.
It's not that Miss Wang has worked hard
Who else wants to follow?
Congratulations to Mr. Ye for successfully 2.50 billion
Let's guess the starting price of No. 1 below.
two
Who doesn't know Project 1?
Is the biggest loss-making business
Don't bring this garbage up
Whoever shoots who has a bad brain
2 billion
I want it, I'll tell you
How burnt would you be if you had real money?
He burned his own share of the Netherworld in advance
That's 2 billion
Plug in your pig brain
Don't be embarrassed here
It's thanks to my Wang family to distance themselves from you
Otherwise what a family
Can be defeated by you trash
I 2.50 billion me